diverseAssets/README.md, before:

# Diverse Assets


| Courses | Description | Links and Resources
| --- | --- | --- |
| Any intro course, Machine Learning and AI | Use videos created specifically by and for diverse populations to introduce topics or as motivation |  https://code.org/educate/resources/videos |
| CS 1 | Use content from this free online book to introduce material | https://criticallyconsciouscomputing.org/ |
| AI | Read and discuss article on how AI can promote rather than hinder diversity | https://www.information-age.com/using-artificial-intelligence-to-promote-diversity-inclusion-123500943/ |
| AI, Data Science, Computer Vision, Algorithms | Video: How I’m Fighting Bias in Algorithms | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG_X_7g63rY&t=5s |
| Any Course | A good summary of inclusive language for general use | https://www.apa.org/about/apa/equity-diversity-inclusion/language-guidelines |
| Data Science & Visualization | Project using data exploring issues related to DEI, social justice, etc.| https://sites.google.com/elon.edu/csc1100-finalproject/overview |
| Any course | Introduce students to famous and diverse computer scientists | See Famous Fridays in repository |

Commit message:

Update README.md for Diverse Assets
Includes list of original questions - should maybe change this to be statements instead of questions.

diverseAssets/README.md, after:

# Diverse Assets
Diverse Assets: Instructional materials should employ a diverse range of images and cultural perspectives on course content.

- What readings can be included in the course that represent diverse perspectives on course content?
- What images and examples can be used that increase the diversity presented in class?  
- What social issues are appropriate to discuss in class, and how can these issues be incorporated to course content?


| Courses | Description | Links and Resources
| --- | --- | --- |
| Any intro course, Machine Learning and AI | Use videos created specifically by and for diverse populations to introduce topics or as motivation |  https://code.org/educate/resources/videos |
| CS 1 | Use content from this free online book to introduce material | https://criticallyconsciouscomputing.org/ |
| AI | Read and discuss article on how AI can promote rather than hinder diversity | https://www.information-age.com/using-artificial-intelligence-to-promote-diversity-inclusion-123500943/ |
| AI, Data Science, Computer Vision, Algorithms | Video: How I’m Fighting Bias in Algorithms | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG_X_7g63rY&t=5s |
| Any Course | A good summary of inclusive language for general use | https://www.apa.org/about/apa/equity-diversity-inclusion/language-guidelines |
| Data Science & Visualization | Project using data exploring issues related to DEI, social justice, etc.| https://sites.google.com/elon.edu/csc1100-finalproject/overview |
| Any course | Introduce students to famous and diverse computer scientists | See Famous Fridays in repository |
